All right.
Name Dwight Schruth. Thank you, Mr. Schnoo.
We will let you know. You have to interview
me. I just did. The answer to that one question
told me everything I need to know.
I demand more questions. All right, guys,
good day.
A lot of candidates. Let's discuss.
OK, if you're not going to interview me, then
I'll do it. Yes.
What will be your first priority?
I will have 7 1st priorities safety, profits,
fostering a community of self-reliance and
entrepreneurship, listening, respect for
human life, bolstering our public image and.
Getting everyone home on time.
Dwight, let me be frank, in an accident that
no one can blame you for, an antique gun
was discharged while you were acting manager.
How are we ever to trust you again?
That's a great question. I am going to institute
a strict no firearms policy for this office
that extends to myself as well. Wow, all
of my concerns are disappearing. Thank you,
Dwight. Thank you.
You'll be hearing from us shortly, Mr. Shrew,
and I think you're gonna like the call you're
going to receive. Oh, come on.
I'm just happy that I got this meeting.
Wow, that was quick.
Very, very interesting, and you know what?
I'm impressed. He's not a real candidate.
I don't know, Jim, because it makes me think
about something that my grandfather used
to say, which is that sometimes the hand
that jumps out of the grave and grabs you
around the throat, that is the hand that
you want on the wheel. You took the deal.
Yeah, it was a great deal.
That's not OK. I don't know. Dwight seems
like a great leader to me, and I look forward
to the personal perks that he promised me
privately. What do you think, Tubby?
Well, I could try him out for a little while
and it doesn't work out, you know. Maybe
one of us could, you know, step in.
What is happening right now?